hey everybody I'm back again this is
arson King 3872 and this is going to be
my brushless Rustler a review and pros
and cons at the end so let's start now
the Rustler is a pretty like it's two
wheel drive and the back is a lot
heavier than the front so you can do a
lot of wheelies as really great
suspension even here don't take the body
off for a quick hold on we're just let
me camera down comes with three body
pins but um with the sense of tractors
they always give you extra body clips
and they give you like ten this is the
body I already drove drove it so it's
kind of ya goin nice with options to put
here we go this is the inside the motor
is all the way in the back and I got
away the bar for it so but it's
waterproof here's the water proof
receiver box and Tom these antennas our
opinion yes to get in but if I finally
on youtube so it has a high voltage
connector I just put a little adapter on
it so I can run on my bed using it
outside and here's the bed online VXL
three easy set to turn on you press the
button and they'll turn on and to change
things are going to have to read the
manual because it took me about 20
minutes to figure out what the hell I
was doing but yeah it's pretty nice
actually it's really nice see there's
been here you're all in there and now
it's for the pros and cons okay let's
start with the pros amazingly optimist
like it'll it'll bounce perfectly in the
air um next it's amazing in water and
grass and grass man can haul ass it just
goes like three miles an hour slower so
you probably going around forestry with
just a regular 3m 33 thousand MLM
oh and I mhm battery for the lipo dude
you could probably be going like sixty
five in the grass and like 70 Plus on
the road and dirt so the next thing is
it's got foam tires well yeah you know I
mean and nice a suspension is really
nice now we're going to go to the pines
now okay so the cons are without for him
lipo battery this thing can't go over 50
well it can if you have a 7 cell pack
sell better impact by only out of 60 and
that really pisses me off and the only
way you can do wheelies with a 6-cell
pack is 7.2 volt because if you start it
oh it's really like that and it'll go
that what pisses me off but I have
gotten through wheelies before with
blood driving you just have to like go
forward and then go backwards then floor
while you're going backwards yeah um
I'll get account about it was a home
kind of thing here I've got the whole
front like two wheels are like the
bumpers on me like that big in it if you
crash one wheel this whole chest will
just wake worth off I got lucky one time
the only other bad thing is about this
is uh I'm trying to think oh yeah these
like the clips they can twist and that
makes me mad when I'm like driving or
something so yeah I watch my next video
well he driving this thing and my next
my other videos I'm going to make some
time this week it is this in this exceed
Sunfire buggy racing I would do my for
tech but you know yeah it's kind of
tipsy well that's how I can say about my
brushed my brushless the XL muffler so
thank you for watching you
and there please comment subscribe